hey guys so I'm back and today i'll be
doing a tutorial and how i do my winged
liner like this is at the front winged
liner it's the same that its wing but
the way i do it everyday I only do it on
the outer corner like only I only wing
it I don't do like from the inner corner
going to the outer corner I just do it
in the outer corner whenever I feel like
it whenever I have a lot of time I do it
from the inner corner especially when
I'm in a rush um you know how you are
holding a liquid eyeliner and it's
really hard to work with and you have to
be very careful and you have to get very
thin here and then getting a little bit
thicker and all that stuff and um since
I don't have time for that I just um
quickly do a winged liner winged
eyeliner on the outer corner and so I've
got a couple of requests about this and
they asked me how I do it so i'll be
showing you now with this body shop on
liquid liner and I got it for my shop so
let me come closer have to be very
careful so here on the outer corner you
just have to take the liquid liner don't
put too much on the applicator because
you don't want that and then here
starting where the end of my brows and
like word and I will be winging it out
up there like out words where it stops
like my brows
so hope you guys know what I mean kids
kind of confused but okay so you'll see
what I mean ok so just draw a line first
draw how like your desired length
I want that much I mean that long ok so
now I'm not going to leave it like that
because it looks weird I'm going to make
it a little bit thicker going almost
half of the my upper lash line ok so I'm
going to take a little bit more but not
too thick starting from here I'm going
to make it thicker going in
like that see what I mean now it looks
like it's shorter a little it looks like
a little bit shorter oh you guys want to
add a little bit more linked you can
just wing it here
like that so what I mean see how you
kind of get like um um cat eye eyeliner
here so that's what I do every single
day even when even you can do this with
the makeup on but I always do this just
this and then I will be just applying a
mascara and I'm ready for today and of
course powder and stuff and lipstick um
just apply mascara there i'm using this
but benefit bad gal lush like that
and then I would usually just apply a
eyeliner a black eyeliner on the outer I
mean upper lower lash lines are guys and
on a water line then on the lower lash
line I will smudge the eyeliner with a
smudger brush okay okay okay so that's
high to it and I hope you guys learned
something from this this one is from
four but this one is just today yeah um
hope you guys learned something from
this and I hope I answered all your
questions I'll toss the guys later bye